Replace BenchmarkTools.jl with Chairmarks.jl in Optimizing (#138)
modernjuliaworkflows/modernjuliaworkflows.github.io: optimizing/index.md

Using `@time` is quick but it has flaws, because your function is only measured once.
That measurement might have been influenced by other things going on in your computer at the same time.
In general, running the same block of code multiple times is a safer measurement method, because it diminishes the probability of only observing an outlier.
The Chairmarks.jl package provides convenient syntax to do just that.

### Chairmarks

> [Chairmarks.jl](https://github.com/LilithHafner/Chairmarks.jl) is the latest and greatest benchmarking suite used to make fast and accurate timing measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Chairmarks.jl](https://github.com/LilithHafner/Chairmarks.jl) is the latest benchmarking toolkit, designed to make fast and accurate timing measurements.
```
Let's not be too opinionated

Chairmarks offers `@b` (for "benchmark") which can be used in the same way as `@time` but will run the code multiple times and provide a minimum execution time.

> Alternatively, Chairmarks also provides `@be` to run the benchmark and output all of its statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, Chairmarks also provides `@be` to run the same benchmark and output all of its statistics.
```

Chairmarks supports a pipeline syntax with optional `init`, `setup`, `teardown`, and `keywords` arguments for more extensive control over the benchmarking process.
The `sum_abs` function could also be benchmarked using pipeline syntax as below.

```>pipeline-example-simple
@be v sum_abs
```

For a more complicated example, you could write the following to benchmark a matrix multiplication function for one second, excluding the time spent to *setup* the arrays.

```>pipeline-example-complex
my_matmul(A, b) = A * b;
@be (A=rand(1000,1000), b=rand(1000)) my_matmul(_.A, _.b) seconds=1
```

See the [Chairmarks documentation](https://chairmarks.lilithhafner.com/) for more details on benchmarking options.
For better visualization, [PrettyChairmarks.jl](https://github.com/astrozot/PrettyChairmarks.jl) shows performance histograms alongside the numerical results.

\advanced{
Certain computations may be [optimized away by the compiler]((https://juliaci.github.io/BenchmarkTools.jl/stable/manual/#Understanding-compiler-optimizations)) before the benchmark takes place.
If you observe suspiciously fast performance, especially below the nanosecond scale, this is very likely to have happened.

> }

Reviewer 2: This can now be removed (or updated for Chairmarks @LilithHafner ?).

Reviewer: Maybe just clarify that the explanation from BenchmarkTools applies here too

### Other tools

Chairmarks.jl works fine for relatively short and simple blocks of code (microbenchmarking).
To find bottlenecks in a larger program, you should rather use a [profiler](#profiling) or the package [TimerOutputs.jl](https://github.com/KristofferC/TimerOutputs.jl).
It allows you to label different sections of your code, then time them and display a table of grouped by label.

> [BenchmarkTools.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCI/BenchmarkTools.jl) was the previous standard for benchmarking in Julia. It is still widely used today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[BenchmarkTools.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCI/BenchmarkTools.jl) is the older standard for benchmarking in Julia. It is still widely used today.
```

> However, it is slower than Chairmarks and requires interpolating variables into the benchmarked expressions with `$`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, its default parameters run benchmarks for longer than Chairmarks, and it requires interpolating variables into the benchmarked expressions with `$`.
```
